README.md
pyproject.toml
setup.cfg
am2r_yams/__init__.py
am2r_yams/wrapper.py
am2r_yams.egg-info/PKG-INFO
am2r_yams.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
am2r_yams.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
am2r_yams.egg-info/entry_points.txt
am2r_yams.egg-info/not-zip-safe
am2r_yams.egg-info/requires.txt
am2r_yams.egg-info/top_level.txt
am2r_yams/__pyinstaller/__init__.py
am2r_yams/__pyinstaller/hook-am2r_yams.py
am2r_yams/yams/ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
am2r_yams/yams/Macross.Json.Extensions.dll
am2r_yams/yams/Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
am2r_yams/yams/NaturalSort.Extension.dll
am2r_yams/yams/PropertyChanged.dll
am2r_yams/yams/SixLabors.ImageSharp.dll
am2r_yams/yams/System.Drawing.Common.dll
am2r_yams/yams/UndertaleModLib.dll
am2r_yams/yams/UndertaleModLib.xml
am2r_yams/yams/YAMS-LIB.deps.json
am2r_yams/yams/YAMS-LIB.dll
am2r_yams/yams/YAMS-LIB.pdb
am2r_yams/yams/runtimes/unix/lib/netcoreapp3.0/System.Drawing.Common.dll
am2r_yams/yams/runtimes/win/lib/netcoreapp3.0/Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
am2r_yams/yams/runtimes/win/lib/netcoreapp3.0/System.Drawing.Common.dll
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/Attribution.md
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/LICENSE-GRAPHICS
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorA5EMPNearBulletHell.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorA5EMPNearPipeHub.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorA5EMPNearSave.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorA5EMPNearTotem.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorA5EMPRightExterior.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorA5EMPRobotHome.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorAnim_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorAnim_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorAnim_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorAnim_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorAnim_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorAnim_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorAnim_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorAnim_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorAnim_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorArachnus.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorBlue.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorBomb.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorChargeBeam.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorEMPA1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorEMPA2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorEMPA3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorEMPActivated.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorGenesis.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorGuardian.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorIceBeam.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorLocked.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorMissile.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorPBomb.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorPlasmaBeam.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorQueen.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorScrew.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorSerris.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorSpazerBeam.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorSpider.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorSuper.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorTempLocked.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorTester.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorTorizo.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorTowerEnabled.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/doors/sDoorWaveBeam.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/bigHealthDrop/sItemBigHealthDrop_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/bigHealthDrop/sItemBigHealthDrop_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/bigHealthDrop/sItemBigHealthDrop_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/bigHealthDrop/sItemBigHealthDrop_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/blindfold/sItemBlindfold_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/blindfold/sItemBlindfold_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/blindfold/sItemBlindfold_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/blindfold/sItemBlindfold_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/dna/sItemDNA_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/dna/sItemDNA_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/dna/sItemDNA_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/dna/sItemDNA_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/dna/sItemDNA_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/dna/sItemDNA_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/dna/sItemDNA_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/dna/sItemDNA_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/dna/sItemDNA_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/flashlight/sItemFlashlight_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/flashlight/sItemFlashlight_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/flashlight/sItemFlashlight_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/flashlight/sItemFlashlight_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/flashlight/sItemFlashlight_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/missileDrop/sItemMissileDrop_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/missileDrop/sItemMissileDrop_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/missileDrop/sItemMissileDrop_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/missileDrop/sItemMissileDrop_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/missileLauncher/sItemMissileLauncher_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/missileLauncher/sItemMissileLauncher_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/missileLauncher/sItemMissileLauncher_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/missileLauncher/sItemMissileLauncher_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/missileLauncher/sItemMissileLauncher_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/missileLauncher/sItemMissileLauncher_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/missileLauncher/sItemMissileLauncher_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/missileLauncher/sItemMissileLauncher_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/missileLauncher/sItemMissileLauncher_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/missileLauncher/sItemMissileLauncher_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/missileLauncher/sItemMissileLauncher_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/missileLauncher/sItemMissileLauncher_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/morph/sItemMorphBall_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/morph/sItemMorphBall_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/morph/sItemMorphBall_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/morph/sItemMorphBall_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/morph/sItemMorphBall_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/morph/sItemMorphBall_14.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/morph/sItemMorphBall_15.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/morph/sItemMorphBall_16.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/morph/sItemMorphBall_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/morph/sItemMorphBall_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/morph/sItemMorphBall_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/morph/sItemMorphBall_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/morph/sItemMorphBall_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/morph/sItemMorphBall_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/morph/sItemMorphBall_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/morph/sItemMorphBall_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/nothing/sItemNothing_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/nothing/sItemNothing_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/nothing/sItemNothing_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/nothing/sItemNothing_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/pbDrop/sItemPBombDrop_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/pbDrop/sItemPBombDrop_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/pbDrop/sItemPBombDrop_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/pbDrop/sItemPBombDrop_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/pbLauncher/sItemPBombLauncher_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/pbLauncher/sItemPBombLauncher_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/pbLauncher/sItemPBombLauncher_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/pbLauncher/sItemPBombLauncher_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/pbLauncher/sItemPBombLauncher_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/pbLauncher/sItemPBombLauncher_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/pbLauncher/sItemPBombLauncher_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/pbLauncher/sItemPBombLauncher_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/pbLauncher/sItemPBombLauncher_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/pbLauncher/sItemPBombLauncher_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/pbLauncher/sItemPBombLauncher_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/pbLauncher/sItemPBombLauncher_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/powerGrip/sItemPowergrip_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/powerGrip/sItemPowergrip_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/powerGrip/sItemPowergrip_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/powerGrip/sItemPowergrip_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/screwAttackShiny/sItemScrewAttacker_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/screwAttackShiny/sItemScrewAttacker_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/screwAttackShiny/sItemScrewAttacker_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/screwAttackShiny/sItemScrewAttacker_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/screwAttackShiny/sItemScrewAttacker_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/screwAttackShiny/sItemScrewAttacker_14.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/screwAttackShiny/sItemScrewAttacker_15.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/screwAttackShiny/sItemScrewAttacker_16.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/screwAttackShiny/sItemScrewAttacker_17.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/screwAttackShiny/sItemScrewAttacker_18.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/screwAttackShiny/sItemScrewAttacker_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/screwAttackShiny/sItemScrewAttacker_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/screwAttackShiny/sItemScrewAttacker_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/screwAttackShiny/sItemScrewAttacker_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/screwAttackShiny/sItemScrewAttacker_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/screwAttackShiny/sItemScrewAttacker_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/screwAttackShiny/sItemScrewAttacker_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/screwAttackShiny/sItemScrewAttacker_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyHijump/sItemShinyHijump_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyHijump/sItemShinyHijump_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyHijump/sItemShinyHijump_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyHijump/sItemShinyHijump_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyIcebeam/sItemShinyIceBeam_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyIcebeam/sItemShinyIceBeam_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyIcebeam/sItemShinyIceBeam_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyIcebeam/sItemShinyIceBeam_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyMissile/sItemShinyMissile_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyMissile/sItemShinyMissile_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyMissile/sItemShinyMissile_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyMissile/sItemShinyMissile_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyNothing/sItemShinyNothing_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyNothing/sItemShinyNothing_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyNothing/sItemShinyNothing_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyNothing/sItemShinyNothing_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyNothing/sItemShinyNothing_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyNothing/sItemShinyNothing_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyNothing/sItemShinyNothing_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/shinyNothing/sItemShinyNothing_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/smallHealthDrop/sItemSmallHealthDrop_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/smallHealthDrop/sItemSmallHealthDrop_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/smallHealthDrop/sItemSmallHealthDrop_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/smallHealthDrop/sItemSmallHealthDrop_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/speedboosterUpgrade/sItemSpeedBoosterUpgrade_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/speedboosterUpgrade/sItemSpeedBoosterUpgrade_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/speedboosterUpgrade/sItemSpeedBoosterUpgrade_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/speedboosterUpgrade/sItemSpeedBoosterUpgrade_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/speedboosterUpgrade/sItemSpeedBoosterUpgrade_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/speedboosterUpgrade/sItemSpeedBoosterUpgrade_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/speedboosterUpgrade/sItemSpeedBoosterUpgrade_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/speedboosterUpgrade/sItemSpeedBoosterUpgrade_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/superMissileDrop/sItemSMissileDrop_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/superMissileDrop/sItemSMissileDrop_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/superMissileDrop/sItemSMissileDrop_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/superMissileDrop/sItemSMissileDrop_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/superMissileLauncher/sItemSMissileLauncher_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/superMissileLauncher/sItemSMissileLauncher_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/superMissileLauncher/sItemSMissileLauncher_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/superMissileLauncher/sItemSMissileLauncher_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/superMissileLauncher/sItemSMissileLauncher_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/superMissileLauncher/sItemSMissileLauncher_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/superMissileLauncher/sItemSMissileLauncher_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/superMissileLauncher/sItemSMissileLauncher_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/superMissileLauncher/sItemSMissileLauncher_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/superMissileLauncher/sItemSMissileLauncher_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/superMissileLauncher/sItemSMissileLauncher_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/superMissileLauncher/sItemSMissileLauncher_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/unknown/sItemUnknown_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/unknown/sItemUnknown_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/unknown/sItemUnknown_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/items/unknown/sItemUnknown_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/bgGUIMetCountBG2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/bgGUIMetCountBG2ELM.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/bg_MapBottom2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/newA4Doors.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/newA4Doors2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/sDisconnected.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/sMapHint.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/tlWarpDepthsEntrance.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/tlWarpDepthsExit.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/tlWarpHideout.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/tlWarpWaterfall.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/hintsBGs/bgLogDNA.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/hintsBGs/bgLogDNA0.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/hintsBGs/bgLogDNA1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/hintsBGs/bgLogDNA2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/hintsBGs/bgLogDNA3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/hintsBGs/bgLogDNA4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/hintsBGs/bgLogDNA5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/hintsBGs/bgLogDNA6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/hintsBGs/bgLogIce.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/hud/sGUIMissileNormal.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/hud/sGUIMissileNormalGreen.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/hud/sGUIMissileSelected.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/hud/sGUIPBombNormal.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/hud/sGUIPBombNormalGreen.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/hud/sGUIPBombSelected.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/hud/sGUISMissileNormal.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/hud/sGUISMissileNormalGreen.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/hud/sGUISMissileSelected.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/newMapTiles/sMapBlockUnexplored.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/newMapTiles/sMapCornerUnexplored_0.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/newMapTiles/sMapCornerUnexplored_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/newMapTiles/sMapCornerUnexplored_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/newMapTiles/sMapCornerUnexplored_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/newMapTiles/sMapCornerUnexplored_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/newMapTiles/sMapCornerUnexplored_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/newMapTiles/sMapCornerUnexplored_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/newMapTiles/sMapCornerUnexplored_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/newMapTiles/sMapCornerUnexplored_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/newMapTiles/sMapCornerUnexplored_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/skippy_bot/sAutoadP.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/skippy_bot/sAutoadPClaw.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/skippy_bot/sAutoadPFang.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/wisdomSeptoggs/sWisdomSeptogg_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/wisdomSeptoggs/sWisdomSeptogg_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/wisdomSeptoggs/sWisdomSeptogg_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/misc/wisdomSeptoggs/sWisdomSeptogg_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/default/sItemRDV_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/default/sItemRDV_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/default/sItemRDV_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/default/sItemRDV_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/cross_bombs/sItemCrossBombsDread_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/cross_bombs/sItemCrossBombsDread_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/cross_bombs/sItemCrossBombsDread_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/cross_bombs/sItemCrossBombsDread_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/cross_bombs/sItemCrossBombsDread_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/cross_bombs/sItemCrossBombsDread_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/cross_bombs/sItemCrossBombsDread_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/cross_bombs/sItemCrossBombsDread_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/cross_bombs/sItemCrossBombsDread_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/cross_bombs/sItemCrossBombsDread_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/cross_bombs/sItemCrossBombsDread_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/cross_bombs/sItemCrossBombsDread_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/energy_part/sItemEPartDread_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/energy_part/sItemEPartDread_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/energy_part/sItemEPartDread_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/flash_shift/sItemAeionCube_0.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/flash_shift/sItemAeionCube_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/flash_shift/sItemAeionCube_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/flash_shift/sItemAeionCube_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/flash_shift/sItemAeionCube_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/flash_shift/sItemAeionCube_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/flash_shift/sItemAeionCube_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/flash_shift/sItemAeionCube_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/grapple_beam/sItemGrappleBeamDread_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/grapple_beam/sItemGrappleBeamDread_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/grapple_beam/sItemGrappleBeamDread_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/grapple_beam/sItemGrappleBeamDread_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/grapple_beam/sItemGrappleBeamDread_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/grapple_beam/sItemGrappleBeamDread_14.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/grapple_beam/sItemGrappleBeamDread_15.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/grapple_beam/sItemGrappleBeamDread_16.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/grapple_beam/sItemGrappleBeamDread_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/grapple_beam/sItemGrappleBeamDread_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/grapple_beam/sItemGrappleBeamDread_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/grapple_beam/sItemGrappleBeamDread_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/grapple_beam/sItemGrappleBeamDread_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/grapple_beam/sItemGrappleBeamDread_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/grapple_beam/sItemGrappleBeamDread_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/grapple_beam/sItemGrappleBeamDread_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/ice_missiles/sItemIceMissilesDread_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/ice_missiles/sItemIceMissilesDread_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/ice_missiles/sItemIceMissilesDread_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/ice_missiles/sItemIceMissilesDread_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/ice_missiles/sItemIceMissilesDread_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/ice_missiles/sItemIceMissilesDread_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/ice_missiles/sItemIceMissilesDread_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/ice_missiles/sItemIceMissilesDread_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/ice_missiles/sItemIceMissilesDread_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/ice_missiles/sItemIceMissilesDread_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/ice_missiles/sItemIceMissilesDread_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/ice_missiles/sItemIceMissilesDread_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/morph_ball/sItemMorphBallDread_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/morph_ball/sItemMorphBallDread_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/morph_ball/sItemMorphBallDread_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/morph_ball/sItemMorphBallDread_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/morph_ball/sItemMorphBallDread_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/morph_ball/sItemMorphBallDread_14.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/morph_ball/sItemMorphBallDread_15.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/morph_ball/sItemMorphBallDread_16.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/morph_ball/sItemMorphBallDread_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/morph_ball/sItemMorphBallDread_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/morph_ball/sItemMorphBallDread_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/morph_ball/sItemMorphBallDread_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/morph_ball/sItemMorphBallDread_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/morph_ball/sItemMorphBallDread_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/morph_ball/sItemMorphBallDread_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/morph_ball/sItemMorphBallDread_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speed_booster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speed_booster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speed_booster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speed_booster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speed_booster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speed_booster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_14.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speed_booster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_15.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speed_booster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_16.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speed_booster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_17.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speed_booster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_18.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speed_booster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_19.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speed_booster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speed_booster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speed_booster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speed_booster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speed_booster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speed_booster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speed_booster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/speed_booster/sItemSpeedBoosterDread_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spider_magnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spider_magnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spider_magnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spider_magnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spider_magnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spider_magnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_14.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spider_magnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_15.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spider_magnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_16.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spider_magnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_17.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spider_magnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_18.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spider_magnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_19.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spider_magnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spider_magnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_20.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spider_magnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spider_magnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spider_magnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spider_magnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spider_magnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spider_magnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spider_magnet/sItemSpiderMagnetDread_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spin_boost/sItemSpinBoostDread_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spin_boost/sItemSpinBoostDread_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spin_boost/sItemSpinBoostDread_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spin_boost/sItemSpinBoostDread_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spin_boost/sItemSpinBoostDread_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spin_boost/sItemSpinBoostDread_14.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spin_boost/sItemSpinBoostDread_15.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spin_boost/sItemSpinBoostDread_16.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spin_boost/sItemSpinBoostDread_17.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spin_boost/sItemSpinBoostDread_18.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spin_boost/sItemSpinBoostDread_19.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spin_boost/sItemSpinBoostDread_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spin_boost/sItemSpinBoostDread_20.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spin_boost/sItemSpinBoostDread_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spin_boost/sItemSpinBoostDread_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spin_boost/sItemSpinBoostDread_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spin_boost/sItemSpinBoostDread_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spin_boost/sItemSpinBoostDread_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spin_boost/sItemSpinBoostDread_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/spin_boost/sItemSpinBoostDread_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/storm_missiles/sItemStormMissilesDread_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/storm_missiles/sItemStormMissilesDread_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/storm_missiles/sItemStormMissilesDread_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/storm_missiles/sItemStormMissilesDread_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/storm_missiles/sItemStormMissilesDread_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/storm_missiles/sItemStormMissilesDread_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/storm_missiles/sItemStormMissilesDread_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/storm_missiles/sItemStormMissilesDread_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/storm_missiles/sItemStormMissilesDread_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/storm_missiles/sItemStormMissilesDread_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/storm_missiles/sItemStormMissilesDread_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/dread/storm_missiles/sItemStormMissilesDread_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/amber/sItemAmberEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/amber/sItemAmberEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/amber/sItemAmberEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/amber/sItemAmberEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/amber/sItemAmberEchoes_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/amber/sItemAmberEchoes_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/anihilator/sItemAnnihilatorEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/anihilator/sItemAnnihilatorEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/anihilator/sItemAnnihilatorEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/beam_ammo/sItemBeamAmmoEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/beam_ammo/sItemBeamAmmoEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/beam_ammo/sItemBeamAmmoEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/beam_ammo/sItemBeamAmmoEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/cannon_ball/sItemCannonBallEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/cannon_ball/sItemCannonBallEchoes_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/cannon_ball/sItemCannonBallEchoes_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/cannon_ball/sItemCannonBallEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/cannon_ball/sItemCannonBallEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/cannon_ball/sItemCannonBallEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/cannon_ball/sItemCannonBallEchoes_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/cannon_ball/sItemCannonBallEchoes_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/cannon_ball/sItemCannonBallEchoes_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/cannon_ball/sItemCannonBallEchoes_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/cannon_ball/sItemCannonBallEchoes_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/cobalt/sItemCobaltEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/cobalt/sItemCobaltEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/cobalt/sItemCobaltEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/cobalt/sItemCobaltEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/cobalt/sItemCobaltEchoes_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/cobalt/sItemCobaltEchoes_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_agon/sItemDarkAgonKeyEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_agon/sItemDarkAgonKeyEchoes_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_agon/sItemDarkAgonKeyEchoes_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_agon/sItemDarkAgonKeyEchoes_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_agon/sItemDarkAgonKeyEchoes_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_agon/sItemDarkAgonKeyEchoes_14.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_agon/sItemDarkAgonKeyEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_agon/sItemDarkAgonKeyEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_agon/sItemDarkAgonKeyEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_agon/sItemDarkAgonKeyEchoes_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_agon/sItemDarkAgonKeyEchoes_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_agon/sItemDarkAgonKeyEchoes_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_agon/sItemDarkAgonKeyEchoes_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_agon/sItemDarkAgonKeyEchoes_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_ammo/sItemDarkAmmoEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_ammo/sItemDarkAmmoEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_ammo/sItemDarkAmmoEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_ammo/sItemDarkAmmoEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_beam/sItemDarkBeam_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_beam/sItemDarkBeam_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_beam/sItemDarkBeam_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_beam/sItemDarkBeam_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_suit/sItemDarkSuitEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_suit/sItemDarkSuitEchoes_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_suit/sItemDarkSuitEchoes_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_suit/sItemDarkSuitEchoes_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_suit/sItemDarkSuitEchoes_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_suit/sItemDarkSuitEchoes_14.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_suit/sItemDarkSuitEchoes_15.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_suit/sItemDarkSuitEchoes_16.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_suit/sItemDarkSuitEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_suit/sItemDarkSuitEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_suit/sItemDarkSuitEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_suit/sItemDarkSuitEchoes_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_suit/sItemDarkSuitEchoes_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_suit/sItemDarkSuitEchoes_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_suit/sItemDarkSuitEchoes_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_suit/sItemDarkSuitEchoes_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_torvus/sItemDarkTorvusKeyEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_torvus/sItemDarkTorvusKeyEchoes_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_torvus/sItemDarkTorvusKeyEchoes_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_torvus/sItemDarkTorvusKeyEchoes_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_torvus/sItemDarkTorvusKeyEchoes_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_torvus/sItemDarkTorvusKeyEchoes_14.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_torvus/sItemDarkTorvusKeyEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_torvus/sItemDarkTorvusKeyEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_torvus/sItemDarkTorvusKeyEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_torvus/sItemDarkTorvusKeyEchoes_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_torvus/sItemDarkTorvusKeyEchoes_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_torvus/sItemDarkTorvusKeyEchoes_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_torvus/sItemDarkTorvusKeyEchoes_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_torvus/sItemDarkTorvusKeyEchoes_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_visor/sItemDarkVisorEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_visor/sItemDarkVisorEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_visor/sItemDarkVisorEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_visor/sItemDarkVisorEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_visor/sItemDarkVisorEchoes_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/dark_visor/sItemDarkVisorEchoes_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkbust/sItemDarkburstEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkbust/sItemDarkburstEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkbust/sItemDarkburstEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkbust/sItemDarkburstEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkbust/sItemDarkburstEchoes_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkbust/sItemDarkburstEchoes_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/darkbust/sItemDarkburstEchoes_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/echo_visor/sItemEchoVisorEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/echo_visor/sItemEchoVisorEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/echo_visor/sItemEchoVisorEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/echo_visor/sItemEchoVisorEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/echo_visor/sItemEchoVisorEchoes_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/echo_visor/sItemEchoVisorEchoes_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/emerald/sItemEmeraldEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/emerald/sItemEmeraldEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/emerald/sItemEmeraldEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/emerald/sItemEmeraldEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/emerald/sItemEmeraldEchoes_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/emerald/sItemEmeraldEchoes_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/ing_hive/sItemIngHiveKeyEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/ing_hive/sItemIngHiveKeyEchoes_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/ing_hive/sItemIngHiveKeyEchoes_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/ing_hive/sItemIngHiveKeyEchoes_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/ing_hive/sItemIngHiveKeyEchoes_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/ing_hive/sItemIngHiveKeyEchoes_14.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/ing_hive/sItemIngHiveKeyEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/ing_hive/sItemIngHiveKeyEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/ing_hive/sItemIngHiveKeyEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/ing_hive/sItemIngHiveKeyEchoes_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/ing_hive/sItemIngHiveKeyEchoes_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/ing_hive/sItemIngHiveKeyEchoes_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/ing_hive/sItemIngHiveKeyEchoes_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/ing_hive/sItemIngHiveKeyEchoes_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/light_ammo/sItemLightAmmoEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/light_ammo/sItemLightAmmoEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/light_ammo/sItemLightAmmoEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/light_ammo/sItemLightAmmoEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/light_beam/sItemLightBeamEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/light_beam/sItemLightBeamEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/light_beam/sItemLightBeamEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/light_beam/sItemLightBeamEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/light_suit/sItemLightSuitEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/light_suit/sItemLightSuitEchoes_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/light_suit/sItemLightSuitEchoes_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/light_suit/sItemLightSuitEchoes_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/light_suit/sItemLightSuitEchoes_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/light_suit/sItemLightSuitEchoes_14.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/light_suit/sItemLightSuitEchoes_15.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/light_suit/sItemLightSuitEchoes_16.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/light_suit/sItemLightSuitEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/light_suit/sItemLightSuitEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/light_suit/sItemLightSuitEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/light_suit/sItemLightSuitEchoes_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/light_suit/sItemLightSuitEchoes_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/light_suit/sItemLightSuitEchoes_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/light_suit/sItemLightSuitEchoes_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/light_suit/sItemLightSuitEchoes_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/power_bomb_launcher/sItemPowerBombLauncherEchoes1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/power_bomb_launcher/sItemPowerBombLauncherEchoes2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/power_bomb_launcher/sItemPowerBombLauncherEchoes3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/power_bomb_launcher/sItemPowerBombLauncherEchoes4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/progressive_suit/sItemProgressiveSuitEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/progressive_suit/sItemProgressiveSuitEchoes_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/progressive_suit/sItemProgressiveSuitEchoes_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/progressive_suit/sItemProgressiveSuitEchoes_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/progressive_suit/sItemProgressiveSuitEchoes_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/progressive_suit/sItemProgressiveSuitEchoes_14.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/progressive_suit/sItemProgressiveSuitEchoes_15.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/progressive_suit/sItemProgressiveSuitEchoes_16.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/progressive_suit/sItemProgressiveSuitEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/progressive_suit/sItemProgressiveSuitEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/progressive_suit/sItemProgressiveSuitEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/progressive_suit/sItemProgressiveSuitEchoes_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/progressive_suit/sItemProgressiveSuitEchoes_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/progressive_suit/sItemProgressiveSuitEchoes_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/progressive_suit/sItemProgressiveSuitEchoes_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/progressive_suit/sItemProgressiveSuitEchoes_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/screw_attack/sItemScrewAttackEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/screw_attack/sItemScrewAttackEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/screw_attack/sItemScrewAttackEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/screw_attack/sItemScrewAttackEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/seekers/sItemSeekerMissileEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/seekers/sItemSeekerMissileEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/seekers/sItemSeekerMissileEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/seekers/sItemSeekerMissileEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sky_temple_key/sItemSkyTempleKeyEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sky_temple_key/sItemSkyTempleKeyEchoes_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sky_temple_key/sItemSkyTempleKeyEchoes_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sky_temple_key/sItemSkyTempleKeyEchoes_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sky_temple_key/sItemSkyTempleKeyEchoes_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sky_temple_key/sItemSkyTempleKeyEchoes_14.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sky_temple_key/sItemSkyTempleKeyEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sky_temple_key/sItemSkyTempleKeyEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sky_temple_key/sItemSkyTempleKeyEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sky_temple_key/sItemSkyTempleKeyEchoes_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sky_temple_key/sItemSkyTempleKeyEchoes_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sky_temple_key/sItemSkyTempleKeyEchoes_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sky_temple_key/sItemSkyTempleKeyEchoes_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sky_temple_key/sItemSkyTempleKeyEchoes_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sonic_boom/sItemSonicBoomEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sonic_boom/sItemSonicBoomEchoes_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sonic_boom/sItemSonicBoomEchoes_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sonic_boom/sItemSonicBoomEchoes_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sonic_boom/sItemSonicBoomEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sonic_boom/sItemSonicBoomEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sonic_boom/sItemSonicBoomEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sonic_boom/sItemSonicBoomEchoes_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sonic_boom/sItemSonicBoomEchoes_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sonic_boom/sItemSonicBoomEchoes_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sonic_boom/sItemSonicBoomEchoes_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/sonic_boom/sItemSonicBoomEchoes_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/super_missile/sItemSuperMissileEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/super_missile/sItemSuperMissileEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/super_missile/sItemSuperMissileEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/super_missile/sItemSuperMissileEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/violet/sItemVioletEchoes_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/violet/sItemVioletEchoes_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/violet/sItemVioletEchoes_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/violet/sItemVioletEchoes_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/violet/sItemVioletEchoes_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/echoes/violet/sItemVioletEchoes_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifact/sItemArtifact_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifact/sItemArtifact_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifact/sItemArtifact_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/artifact/sItemArtifact_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/bombs/sItemBombsPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/bombs/sItemBombsPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/bombs/sItemBombsPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/bombs/sItemBombsPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/bombs/sItemBombsPrime_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/bombs/sItemBombsPrime_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/bombs/sItemBombsPrime_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boost_ball/sItemBoostBallPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boost_ball/sItemBoostBallPrime_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boost_ball/sItemBoostBallPrime_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boost_ball/sItemBoostBallPrime_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boost_ball/sItemBoostBallPrime_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boost_ball/sItemBoostBallPrime_14.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boost_ball/sItemBoostBallPrime_15.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boost_ball/sItemBoostBallPrime_16.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boost_ball/sItemBoostBallPrime_17.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boost_ball/sItemBoostBallPrime_18.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boost_ball/sItemBoostBallPrime_19.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boost_ball/sItemBoostBallPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boost_ball/sItemBoostBallPrime_20.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boost_ball/sItemBoostBallPrime_21.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boost_ball/sItemBoostBallPrime_22.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boost_ball/sItemBoostBallPrime_23.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boost_ball/sItemBoostBallPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boost_ball/sItemBoostBallPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boost_ball/sItemBoostBallPrime_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boost_ball/sItemBoostBallPrime_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boost_ball/sItemBoostBallPrime_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boost_ball/sItemBoostBallPrime_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/boost_ball/sItemBoostBallPrime_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/combat_visor/sItemCombatVisorPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/combat_visor/sItemCombatVisorPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/combat_visor/sItemCombatVisorPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/combat_visor/sItemCombatVisorPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/combat_visor/sItemCombatVisorPrime_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/combat_visor/sItemCombatVisorPrime_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/flamethrower/sItemFlamethrowerPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/flamethrower/sItemFlamethrowerPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/flamethrower/sItemFlamethrowerPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/flamethrower/sItemFlamethrowerPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/grapple/sItemGrappleBeamPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/grapple/sItemGrappleBeamPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/grapple/sItemGrappleBeamPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/grapple/sItemGrappleBeamPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/gravity/sItemGravitySuitPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/gravity/sItemGravitySuitPrime_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/gravity/sItemGravitySuitPrime_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/gravity/sItemGravitySuitPrime_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/gravity/sItemGravitySuitPrime_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/gravity/sItemGravitySuitPrime_14.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/gravity/sItemGravitySuitPrime_15.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/gravity/sItemGravitySuitPrime_16.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/gravity/sItemGravitySuitPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/gravity/sItemGravitySuitPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/gravity/sItemGravitySuitPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/gravity/sItemGravitySuitPrime_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/gravity/sItemGravitySuitPrime_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/gravity/sItemGravitySuitPrime_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/gravity/sItemGravitySuitPrime_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/gravity/sItemGravitySuitPrime_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/ice_beam/sItemIceBeamPrime__1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/ice_beam/sItemIceBeamPrime__2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/ice_beam/sItemIceBeamPrime__3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/ice_beam/sItemIceBeamPrime__4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/ice_beam/sItemIceBeamPrime__5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/ice_beam/sItemIceBeamPrime__6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/ice_spreader/sItemIceSpreaderPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/ice_spreader/sItemIceSpreaderPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/ice_spreader/sItemIceSpreaderPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/ice_spreader/sItemIceSpreaderPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/morph_ball/sItemMorphBallPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/morph_ball/sItemMorphBallPrime_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/morph_ball/sItemMorphBallPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/morph_ball/sItemMorphBallPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/morph_ball/sItemMorphBallPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/morph_ball/sItemMorphBallPrime_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/morph_ball/sItemMorphBallPrime_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/morph_ball/sItemMorphBallPrime_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/morph_ball/sItemMorphBallPrime_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/morph_ball/sItemMorphBallPrime_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/phazon_suit/sItemPhazonSuitPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/phazon_suit/sItemPhazonSuitPrime_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/phazon_suit/sItemPhazonSuitPrime_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/phazon_suit/sItemPhazonSuitPrime_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/phazon_suit/sItemPhazonSuitPrime_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/phazon_suit/sItemPhazonSuitPrime_14.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/phazon_suit/sItemPhazonSuitPrime_15.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/phazon_suit/sItemPhazonSuitPrime_16.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/phazon_suit/sItemPhazonSuitPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/phazon_suit/sItemPhazonSuitPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/phazon_suit/sItemPhazonSuitPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/phazon_suit/sItemPhazonSuitPrime_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/phazon_suit/sItemPhazonSuitPrime_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/phazon_suit/sItemPhazonSuitPrime_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/phazon_suit/sItemPhazonSuitPrime_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/phazon_suit/sItemPhazonSuitPrime_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/plasma_beam/sItemPlasmaBeamPrime__1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/plasma_beam/sItemPlasmaBeamPrime__2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/plasma_beam/sItemPlasmaBeamPrime__3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/plasma_beam/sItemPlasmaBeamPrime__4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/plasma_beam/sItemPlasmaBeamPrime__5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/plasma_beam/sItemPlasmaBeamPrime__6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/power_beam/sItemPowerBeamPrime__1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/power_beam/sItemPowerBeamPrime__2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/power_beam/sItemPowerBeamPrime__3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/power_beam/sItemPowerBeamPrime__4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/power_beam/sItemPowerBeamPrime__5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/power_beam/sItemPowerBeamPrime__6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/power_bomb_launcher/sItemPowerBombLauncherPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/power_bomb_launcher/sItemPowerBombLauncherPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/power_bomb_launcher/sItemPowerBombLauncherPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/power_bomb_launcher/sItemPowerBombLauncherPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/power_bomb_launcher/sItemPowerBombLauncherPrime_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/power_bomb_launcher/sItemPowerBombLauncherPrime_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/power_bomb_launcher/sItemPowerBombLauncherPrime_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/scan_visor/sItemScanVisorPrime__1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/scan_visor/sItemScanVisorPrime__2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/scan_visor/sItemScanVisorPrime__3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/scan_visor/sItemScanVisorPrime__4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/scan_visor/sItemScanVisorPrime__5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/scan_visor/sItemScanVisorPrime__6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/super_missile/sItemSuperMissilePrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/super_missile/sItemSuperMissilePrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/super_missile/sItemSuperMissilePrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/super_missile/sItemSuperMissilePrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/thermal_visor/sItemThermalVisorPrime__1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/thermal_visor/sItemThermalVisorPrime__2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/thermal_visor/sItemThermalVisorPrime__3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/thermal_visor/sItemThermalVisorPrime__4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/thermal_visor/sItemThermalVisorPrime__5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/thermal_visor/sItemThermalVisorPrime__6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/varia/sItemVariaSuitPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/varia/sItemVariaSuitPrime_10.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/varia/sItemVariaSuitPrime_11.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/varia/sItemVariaSuitPrime_12.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/varia/sItemVariaSuitPrime_13.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/varia/sItemVariaSuitPrime_14.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/varia/sItemVariaSuitPrime_15.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/varia/sItemVariaSuitPrime_16.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/varia/sItemVariaSuitPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/varia/sItemVariaSuitPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/varia/sItemVariaSuitPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/varia/sItemVariaSuitPrime_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/varia/sItemVariaSuitPrime_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/varia/sItemVariaSuitPrime_7.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/varia/sItemVariaSuitPrime_8.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/varia/sItemVariaSuitPrime_9.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/wave_beam/sItemWaveBeamPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/wave_beam/sItemWaveBeamPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/wave_beam/sItemWaveBeamPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/wave_beam/sItemWaveBeamPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/wave_beam/sItemWaveBeamPrime_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/wave_beam/sItemWaveBeamPrime_6.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/wave_buster/sItemWaveBusterPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/wave_buster/sItemWaveBusterPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/wave_buster/sItemWaveBusterPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/wave_buster/sItemWaveBusterPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/xray_visor/sItemXrayVisorPrime_1.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/xray_visor/sItemXrayVisorPrime_2.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/xray_visor/sItemXrayVisorPrime_3.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/xray_visor/sItemXrayVisorPrime_4.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/xray_visor/sItemXrayVisorPrime_5.png
am2r_yams/yams/sprites/offworld items/primes/prime1/xray_visor/sItemXrayVisorPrime_6.png
am2r_yams_tests/test_meta.py